applications: machine_learning: Document nRF53 DK support (#5802)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/machine_learning/README.rst

* ``ZDebug`` -- Debug version of the application - can be used to verify if the application works correctly.
* ``ZRelease`` -- Release version of the application - can be used to achieve better performance and reduce memory consumption.

> Not every board supports both mentioned build types.

Reviewer: btw, why there is no Release version for nrf5340dk?

Author: I discussed this with Paweł and we decided to support only Debug variant here to limit number of configurations that we need to maintain.

  * **Button 1** switches between data forwarding and running a machine learning model.
  * **Button 3** changes the signal generated by the simulated sensor.

* nRF5340 Development Kit:

  * **Button 1** switches between data forwarding and running a machine learning model.
  * **Button 3** changes the signal generated by the simulated sensor.

> 

Reviewer: Couldn't this be squashed to previous bullet point? Like:
`nRF52840 and nRF5340 Development Kit:`

Author: This is also defined separately for Thingy boards

Multi-image builds
------------------

The Thingy:53 and nRF53 Development Kit use multi-image build with the following child images:

* MCUboot bootloader
* Bluetooth HCI RPMsg

> Application-specific configuration for the mentioned child images can be defined in the board-specific directory in the :file:`applications/machine_learning/configuration/` directory.

Reviewer 2: Is this something that must be done? If that is the case, it's better like this:
```suggestion
Define the application-specific configuration for the mentioned child images in the board-specific directory in the :file:`applications/machine_learning/configuration/` directory.
```

Author: For MCUboot configuration it's optional. If it's not defined, default configuration is used

Author: I will use `You can define ...`

> The Kconfig configuration files are named :file:`child_image_name_build_type`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Kconfig configuration file names contain the name of the child image and the build type.
```
